[tense orchestral music playing]
[Jinn] If you want to finish this,
you can find me on the planet Guilst.
My hobby is turning
beautiful girls like you into furniture.
And after today, I'll have some
cute B-Cubers added to my collection.
Tell me the plan to rescue your friend,
so that I may assist you.
[hissing]
Her appearance does not match
the Sister I remember.
[Shiki] I don't think so!
-[crack]
-This is bad!
[whooshing]
[Homura] This blade is the sacred power
bestowed unto me by my master
for defeating the Demon King.
Then we should be able to use
these bubbles to melt that glass door!
[Rebecca] We did it!
[Illega] Well, it seems one of them
was able to escape.
[grunts]
-[yells]
-[thud]
Hey, Rebecca! Over here! We all escaped!
-[grunts]
-[whoosh]
Because I have something
worth fighting for!
And that's my friends!
[Weisz] It's about time you tell me
what you're really looking for here.
[Witch] A chronophage!
A chronophage is heading towards Guilst!
["Eden Through the Rough"
by Takanori Nishikawa playing]
SISTER IVRY
[Happy] There's another chronophage?
Like the one that
ate the time on planet Norma?
Is Guilst gonna be sent
50 years into the past?
It is impossible to calculate
how many years might be eaten.
But one thing is for certain,
there is no way of avoiding it.
If Rebecca and the others
don't get off Guilst in time,
what's gonna happen to them?
If they don't get out and are eaten up
along with the planet,
their entire existence
will be erased from this universe.
[trembling breathing]
[Witch] They have approximately
one hour to escape.
Preparing for atmospheric entry
into Guilst.
We are going to save
Shiki and the others!
[dramatic music playing]
Hmm.
[grunts]
-[grunts]
-Huh?
[straining]
[Shiki] How about a taste
of your own medicine?
Skymech Ninjutsu Attack.
Windstorm Slash!
[blast]
[groans]
Magimech…
Gravity Wave!
[loud thud]
-Damn it.
-Magimech Attack…
Gravity Comet!
[grunts in pain]
[grunting fiercely]
Well done. You've gotten a lot better.
I'm not here to play.
I'm done messing around.
I'm fighting for my friends
and I'm not going to lose!
Sure.
Wind?
It's so sharp!
[female voice] Jinn.
-What's taken you so long?
-[gasps]
Sister.
Huh?
Who's the new friend you've got here?
Oh, dear. If it isn't the little lamb
that I met back at the church.
[Sister] I see now.
He must have followed me here.
Hmm.
Jinn, there's been a change of plans.
Find Illega at once!
I've already located him.
He's right over th--
He's gone.
Your orders are
to eliminate Illega on sight.
Roger.
Wait. What about the contract?
Few customers are as wealthy as Illega.
[Sister]
We're going to take his whole fortune.
We won't have to deal with him ever again.
Enough about that toad.
I want to talk to this lamb for a moment.
Are you really the Sister
who helped Grandpa in the Edens Zero?
It doesn't matter.
You're a terrible person.
Bring it on.
I'll take on all of you at once.
What?
[surprised gasp]
[chuckles softly]
I understand what you want now.
You simply wish to explore
life after death as a wandering soul.
In that case, I, Sister,
one of the Demon King's
Four Shining Stars,
shall carry out
the will of God and kill you.
[angry grunt]
[panting]
-The exit is over here!
-This way, ladies!
-[panting]
-Around here, right?
-Wait a second.
-Has anyone seen Copa?
Copa's missing!
She probably got lost!
No way.
Do we turn back around?
We have to find her!
I'm going to go back the way
we came and look for her, okay?
Everyone else, head for the exit!
That would be horribly inefficient.
But if we all go looking for her together,
the enemy is going to find us for sure!
No.
Huh?
[Pino] If we want to prioritize
survival for the majority,
then searching for the missing person
that got separated,
would be a wasteful use of our resources.
[girl] What? Seriously?
[all murmuring]
[chuckles]
But if they were a friend,
you'd look for them, right?
A friend?
[Rebecca] Well, I don't know her
well enough to call her a friend.
I can't help but feel
like fate brought us together.
Efficient or not, I'm looking for her.
A friend.
[Rebecca]
Pino, you take everyone to the exit!
[exhaling]
But why, though?
Risking her own life.
All for a friend?
[Homura]
How long are you going to threaten me?
I'm not going anywhere until
you tell me what you're really after.
What are you hiding, sword lady?
[annoyed sigh]
-What I want--
-[loud distorted sound]
Hey, what the hell is that noise?
An Ether reaction. Beneath us.
Wait!
[Weisz] Get back here!
[whooshing!
[whirring]
It can't be.
What in the world is that?
I know who she is.
Huh?
[Homura] One of the Demon King's
Four Shining Stars. Sister Ivry.
[Weisz] How do you know that?
They've used this machine
to seal away her powers.
Hey!
You should be able to release her
using your Ether Gear, right?
There's barely any protection on
this machine, so it'll be a piece of cake.
[Homura] I beg of you.
Please, rescue her.
Hmm.
I need you to trust me right now.
[grunts]
-[panting]
-[rapid gunfire]
You really think you stand a chance
against me, you little turd?
[rapid gunfire continues]
[grunts]
[screams]
First I compress the gravity into spheres.
And then…
[rapid gunfire]
[Rebecca] Hold your breath, take aim and…
-Fire!
-[blast]
[grunts]
Is that single-shot gun all you've got?!
You think a pea shooter
is going to beat an assault rifle?
Aim carefully…
and fire!
[cough in pain]
[choking]
[screams]
-He got him!
-[grunts]
[grunts]
[cries in pain]
[gasps]
Sister. But, why?
Are you not one of my soldiers?
You are to act as my spear and my shield.
Am I wrong?
No. You are correct.
Seriously?
You'd hurt your own friend like that?!
Not to worry,
my powers are to heal others.
As long as they fight, I will always
mend their wounds in battle.
[grunts]
[relieved sigh]
What a welcome surprise.
[Ganoff] Thanks for saving me, Sister.
Do you get it now?
My soldiers are invincible.
Healing or not, you hurt your friend!
[panting]
Copa! Where are you? Can you hear me?
[gasps]
[worried gasp]
[Rebecca] Hold on.
This is Copa's hat.
[gasps]
Where am I right now?
[unsettling music sting]
These must be the girls
who got turned into statues.
There's so many!
How awful!
-[voice] On the contrary.
-[gasps]
They get to stay young
forever and ever, don't they?
I bet they're as happy as can be.
Rebecca, help me.
You monster!
You know? You're really starting
to piss me off, woman.
So, I'm going to enjoy this.
Let her go, you creep!
Thanks for the offer, but I'll decline.
[whimpers]
[resolute grunt]
If you want to save
this pathetic little girl,
then get on your knees, woman!
Kneel before me, damn it!
[grunts]
Rebecca, I don't want to die!
If you don't hurry up, I'm gonna blow
this girl's brains out, you hear me?
[angry grunt]
Put your head down and kiss the ground!
I'm going to show you just how scary
I can get when you disobey me,
you insubordinate slave!
[grunting]
Ribbit, ribbit, ribbit, ribbit.
You're so pathetic, you probably
get off to this, don't you? [chuckles]
No matter how brave they start,
all girls fall into my control eventually.
[whimpering]
You would have been
a beloved piece of my collection.
But now you're going to be my toy that
I get to savor for the rest of eternity.
[grunting with fear]
Ribbit, ribbit.
And you won't be able to resist,
no matter what I choose to do to you.
If you do resist,
I'll shoot your little friend.
-[subordinate] Sir Illega, we have to go!
-Huh?
It's a chronophage!
There's a chronophage
approaching Guilst right now!
What is that?
[subordinate] They're huge space monsters
that devour a planet's time!
[Illega] Monsters?
-That sounds really scary!
-[screams]
We have to leave Guilst immediately!
But I don't want to go!
What about my beloved collection?!
You're just going to have to start
a new collection on a new planet!
Not to mention, Sister has betrayed us!
Staying on this planet
is utterly hopeless!
Damn you, Sister!
Then can we at least
take her along with us?
What the… Huh?
[playful music]
[Shiki] "Aim"?
What does that mean?
Hey, I can't hit anyone.
It means focusing on the enemy.
Something sorta like this.
Wow, you've got
really good dynamic vision.
Dynamic vision
is definitely important to aim.
But the most important skill
is prediction.
[Rebecca] The enemy appears from there,
and that enemy moves like this.
Aim for the spot where you predict
they'll be, not where they are.
Ribbit, ribbit!
[Rebecca] And then take aim…
Take aim…
[Rebecca and Shiki] Fire!
[pained grunts]
[scream in pain]
[happy grunt]
[giggles]
I wasn't expecting this kind of damage.
Even so, my healing power can still--
[chuckling]
-[woman] I don't think so, little girl.
-[surprised gasp]
You used my power without my permission.
I'll have you scrub
the Demon King's toilet as punishment.
[chuckling]
Sister Ivry. You've awakened?
Hold up, there's two Sisters?
[crowd screaming in panic]
[dramatic music rising]
[chuckles]
[scared breathing]
Huh?
-Uh…
-[grunts]
Shiki! Is everything all right?
[Shiki] Hey! Who is she?
I don't have any time to explain that!
There's a chronophage
approaching the planet right now!
[Weisz] It's total chaos outside!
[clamoring]
What did you say?!
Forget messing around with these two!
Jinn, Sister, we have to get out of here!
Sister, what is the meaning of all this?
[angry grunt]
I was gonna ask the same question.
Who the hell even are you?
[Ivry] I remember coming to Guilst
10 years ago on a job.
Somehow or another, I ended up
getting cornered by some creeps.
When I came to my senses,
I was tied up underground
below a dirty church.
It's been 10 years.
I woke up without a clue
of what was going on.
So, I did some digging around
and discovered that some idiot
had been using my identity behind my back
while I had been out of commission.
That device underground was transmitting
my power to your drive system, wasn't it?
Clever.
I'm sure you were able
to rake in plenty of dirty money
using my powers as you pleased.
[fake Sister] Please, hear me out.
I never meant for this to happen.
I only started doing this
to save my injured friends.
But after that, people started
coming out in droves, worshiping me.
Rogue Out was then born.
I was going to give your powers
back to you someday.
Please, you have to believe me.
Trust me, I worshiped
the very ground that you stand on.
I mean, the power you possess,
you must be a god!
Even now, I still--
[grunts] Like I care, you idiot!
-[gasps]
-You used my identity for 10 years, snake!
You're not getting away without paying!
Got it?!
I'm gonna break you over and over!
And heal you and do it
all again from the beginning
for the rest of your pathetic life!
-That's enough.
-Huh?
We've got to get out of here right now!
[grunts]
Let me guess.
You're the new Demon King, aren't you?
A wimp like you
wouldn't have been my first pick.
[Shiki] Does that mean
you're the real Sister?
That's right, and I'm in debt to you
and your servants for saving me.
Him and his what?!
I am no one's servant.
I've known of your plans.
Getting everyone back
on the Edens Zero again, right?
Are you a mind reader or what?
Nah, Witch told me.
Nice to hear her voice again
after so long.
And nice to meet you too, Demon King.
Call me Shiki. I prefer that.
[chuckles]
If you'll excuse me momentarily,
I have some unfinished business
I need to to take care of.
Huh?
Don't worry, this shouldn't take long.
Like I said before,
I came to this tower
10 years ago on a job.
Not finishing it would ruin the reputation
of the Demon King's Four Shining Stars.
Dispel Driver!
Why are you stripping?!
Why are you upset?!
We're basically getting
free nun porn, baby!
There must be a way to save the other
girls who were turned into stone, right?
[gasp]
That light! What is it?
-Huh?
-[gasps] Where am I?
-[girls clamoring]
-They're all returning back to normal!
Aah!
Unreal! It's a miracle.
[relieved exhale]
What did just you do?
Job complete. Let's go.
[grunts]
Jinn, stop gawking!
Leave them be, we gotta go!
[grunts]
Ah, fine! Stay there, for all I care.
Huh?
[ominous music playing]
Unless you want to die,
you should run too, ninja!
We can finish our epic fight later!
[grunts]
[fake Sister] Jinn. Please.
Take me… with you.
[grunts]
-[loud thud]
-[groans]
[fake Sister] What are you doing?
You deceived all of us.
I didn't… I was-- [groans]
Think of all the times that I healed you…
I trusted you when you said
you could save Kleene.
That's why I did those dirty jobs.
I can save her! Look, I still have
some of Sister's powers left in me!
I'll save your friend! Now, get off!
-[groaning]
-[metal screeching]
-[screams]
-[crash]
[metal clatters]
I said she's my sister.
I don't believe in having friends.
[intense music playing]
-[clamoring]
-[man 1] Get on the ship!
[man 2] It's too late.
The chronophage is going
to erase everything and everyone!
[man 3] Let me through
or I'm going to kill you!
[man 4] I'm staying.
Maybe they'll make me young again.
[man 4] You bastard! Come on!
[woman] Guilst is gonna go back
to when it used to be beautiful.
[man 5] Don't be stupid!
Huh?
[both] Everyone's okay!
-Rebecca! Did you bring any food?!
-She found Copa!
-[happy laughter]
-[Pino] Wow, that is a lot of people.
[Pino] This is Pino.
I have joined with Rebecca again.
You should have seen her!
Rebecca was awesome!
She defeated the pervy, ugly frog
all by herself and then saved all of us!
Well, I'm not the one who saved everyone,
but thanks, I guess.
More importantly…
It's the chronophage, right?
I don't know if we're lucky or unlucky.
But there sure are
a whole lot of ships in this facility.
What are we waiting for?
Let's get out of here!
You go on ahead.
I'm gonna wait for Shiki.
Are you sure?
I can't leave him behind.
Shiki is my friend!
[intense music continues]
[roaring]
[Witch]
They only have 10 more minutes left!
[Happy] Oh no! Where are they?
Pino, stay where you are and stand by.
[Pino] Understood.
[Witch]
Sister, can you confirm our location?
Yeah, I see you.
Heading over to where Pino is right now.
Gotcha.
[Sister] Hey, Witch, you're starting
to sound a little older.
[cackles] I'm just kidding!
Only 10 minutes left
until the chronophage gets here!
-I'm so excited!
-What the hell is wrong with this chick?!
Guess what, everyone? I made a new friend!
I can't say this out loud,
but she's kinda cute.
[Weisz] Don't you idiots realize
we're all about to die?!
[theme music builds]
["VLOG"
by CHiCO with HoneyWorks playing]
NEW FRIENDS